um hello and welcome to digital SC
reading and writing crash course series
uh this is the first video and 15 video
series which I'm creating and I will be
teaching you
um 11 topics uh which are included in
your digital SD reading and writing
syllabus and uh in the last four videos
I will be solving a lot of uh practice
problems from uh each of four sections
of your digital St English and digital
SCD this time is very direct it's
similar to digital SD math syllabus like
uh you can actually practice the topics
and you can get a definite score uh it's
just that you need to practice the skill
that you're being tested on and uh it's
much more compact direct and uh to the
point as compared to uh the traditional
SCD where you were given a lot of
passages and grade length passages and
it was hard to uh you know solve
questions all at once and read through
the whole text so uh since now it's
digital it's uh the digital version of
additional SCD the question problems are
shorter and uh they are simpler and
there are they are testing just uh two
or three points that obviously you can't
remember just like you do learn the
theory in mathematics and if you do
apply that into the question problem no
matter whatsoever the question prompt
whatsoever the difficulty you get uh
they will all have the same pattern so
you just need to find the pattern and if
you're good at math I can assure you
that you will be good and this is your
S3 portion as well
and there's also this good news that if
you uh do digital SD uh if you give your
digital S3 exam it's a very uh like on
average do you score better in the
digital SD English portion than in your
digital SAT Math because uh digital SD
map
has 44 questions out of 58 which used to
be uh in traditional S3
Matt and uh the questions are relatively
simpler but they also demand that you
answer a lot of questions correctly and
uh you know if you're aiming for a 700
plus core in your digital SD map then
your Concepts need to be really clear
and uh out of 44 questions you really
need to nail a 40 or 41 questions to
have a sport in the highest rank in your
traditional S3 uh ranking wise so let's
start with the additional SD English
reading and writing portion and today
the call uh today the topic that we'll
be uh studying is words in context first
we'll understand the theory we'll try to
understand the theory from the article
that's uh provided by Khan Academy and
I've taken screenshots of the
information that I find useful and you
should uh also try to understand the
information and try to uh apply that
information to the questions which I'll
solve later and I will provide a
detailed explanation how the question uh
you know how I solve the question and
what are the key points that you need to
look out when you are trying to attempt
the question and I will solve around 10
questions from this topic and I hope
that they are more than enough to really
give a foundation uh to you towards uh
similar
questions uh that you'll obviously find
your digital St English uh portion of
your digital SD test so starting with
the theory uh
you do need to know that words and
context questions like people ask like
what are words and context questions so
on the reading and writing section of
your essay some questions will ask you
to select the most logical and most
precise word or phrase in a given
context
um so uh how should we determine the
most precise word a precise word is one
that means exactly what it should be
given but it should in a given situation
it will fit it's sent a sentence
perfectly and reinforce the Texas
meaning so I really need to uh uh I
really want you to emphasis uh I really
want you to focus on the rainforest the
Texas meaning uh point of this because
uh a precise version not uh add new
information to the already uh to the
question prompt or to the passage it
should not uh shift the focus of your uh
text as question as well like if the
question is asking something so that
something has to be answered
specifically what the uh question
statement has directed you to and not
anywhere else it doesn't have to be a
little bit similar or too similar or
anything in the Spectrum it has to be
the most direct answer and uh you know
that's that's really important that you
do not deviate and you give the most
logical like which uh obviously
comprises of a function and which uh
could uh which definitely makes sense
and it's also the most precise
uh another thing that you do need to uh
the last bit is important we are not
just looking for a word that sounds
right or looks good instead we need to
understand the text and select the word
with the meaning that best matches the
point the text is making
this means that when attacking words in
context questions reading comprehension
is just as important as our knowledge of
vocabulary
so um
vocabulary is uh obviously important but
uh reading comprehension is one thing
that you really need to understand like
uh in the context of words and context
questions uh even if you don't know the
uh uh words even if you don't know the
vocabulary if you're not good at it or
if the word is unfamiliar to you try to
like find context clues and those
context clues with help you engage the
meaning of the word that you're looking
for and the question the options that
you will be given uh have and also need
to be uh also need to fit a certain
context the context of the text and it's
very easy then to just eliminate which
uh eliminate
your answer uh like eliminate the odds
eliminate those options which do not fit
the context and uh focus on the option
which definitely fits the context
so you do not really necessarily have to
memorize a list of words because maybe
it used to be uh uh a case back then but
now it isn't the case and you can just
head directly to the text and look for
context clues and when you find your
context views you can eliminate options
by comparing your summary of the text
and also your context clues and uh then
you can just compare match that with the
options and you cross them out and
you'll reach to your answer
so what do we mean by context
context refers to the specific scenario
we are attempting to match a word or
phrase to specific scenario
you understand the context we must read
the provided text carefully so that's
the only condition that you need to
understand that you need to remember
read the text carefully be in 100 be in
full senses
um you know because uh if you will not
read the text carefully you might not
reach the master you might not
understand the text properly and you
might reach a wrong conclusion which
will uh which will let which will make
you uh you know uh
uh select the option which matches a
very different context clue to what the
text is actually trying to impose
because we need to know the meaning of
the word we are looking for that many
will be provided a second time between
the text this results in many profitable
words and context questions following a
similar pattern of statement and read
statement
of words and context questions you'll
see there's a there's a pattern and that
pattern is uh almost uh included in
every question words and context
question you'll find first there will be
a statement and then uh the question
will try to uh you know provide context
clues in this restatement portion and
try to define or try to explain the uh
the option try to explain the word that
they are asking you to find and
sometimes it's vice versa sometimes they
uh do give you the word but then there's
a restatement uh elaboration that's
provided and there you have to find a
word that fits the restatement option so
it's like a statement restatement
statement
then restatement
re-statement
so
and can also be uh it can also go
sideways
first restatement can come and then
statement and uh it could also be that
statement will come first and the
restatement will come so that's that's
going to be pattern for a lot of words
and context questions
just not this pattern because it's uh
really important in the context words in
context
um
context words and content context
um the trick then is to match the word
we are looking for with the equivalent
idea in the other statement equivalent
idea
it uh it might not be the similar
wording but it has to be the equivalent
idea like the wording could be different
but uh both uh both
um Expressions words uh should be uh
denoding or should be trying to
elaborate a similar idea you have to
like uh shift your focus to the idea
rather than the wording because it might
not literally mean the same but the idea
have to be the same that's
um
so what is connotation uh in con uh you
know alternative to uh the uh
context so connotations are the
associations that we have with different
words one common example of connotation
is whether a word feels positive or
negative words can have similar meanings
but vastly basically but vastly sorry
different connotations okay words can
have similar meanings but vastly
different connotations
okay uh that's the only thing to note in
this and there's a technique that I'll
teach you
right now
oh an example is given for example the
words promising an ominous both mean
that something is predictive of the
future however while promising is a
strongly positive connotation it has a
positive connotation uh ominous has a
strongly negative connotation therefore
these words can't logically apply to the
same context for example if we are using
or if we are applying the word ominous
then the context of the text that we
will apply that into will be negative so
we will see a lot of negative
Expressions negative words and uh
everybody up to it will be opposing to
the promising words context like if we
apply the promising word to a text then
the words or the expressions and the uh
sentences that wheels found will be
indicating a very positive context
positive things happy things and uh you
know uh they can't be applied to the
same context at once
foreign
context question try focusing on these
contexts in the sentence positive then
the word should be positive too and if
the sentence is negative then the word
should be negative and you can similarly
eliminate all the options that are uh
contrary to the context that your text
is giving or if the text is giving a
negative and the word is too neutral
it's neither positive nor negative you
can safely eliminate that option as well
so how do you approach words in context
questions there are basically three
steps that you really need to remember
when you're approaching the words in
context question the first step is that
you summarize the text in your own words
and this is like very important step
that you really need to understand the
second step is that you identify the
keyword phrase or idea
there's uh in words and context
questions there will always be a text
there will always be a keyword phrase or
idea given which will uh you know which
will be a summary in the summary of
which will be a summary in the text to
help you uh solidify your summary or to
compare your summary with the summary of
the test phrase that will be given will
sort of act as a summary in which will
help you understand or you know find or
uh the context of the text
step 3 is like the word that matches
so there is a bit of elaboration in Step
One
that I would like to share
that is that remember words in context
prompts tend to follow a similar pattern
they will make a claim and then they
will expand upon or restate the shame in
different words so it's the above thing
that we studied it's a statement a
restatement
that will happen in almost like 99 of
words and context questions that you've
found and that is also an indicator to
understand like when uh you are given uh
when you are actually given uh words and
context question
foreign
so that will help you indicate as well
so uh
first step to the elaboration that I
would like to share with you is that the
text provides all the information that
you need to know whatever point the text
is making the correct answer will
reinforce the idea it will not
um uh it will not say anything
contradictory or anything against that
idea that it it's trying to reinforce so
it's trying to you know uh uh further
elaborate or further give supporting
evidence to and it's not going to give a
contrary statement that will not match
the uh you know uh context similar to
the one that's provided already in the
uh in the uh
in the text often there will be one word
or phrase in the text that has nearly
the same meaning as the correct answer
find the right context used
that's one thing that you really need to
not and the next part should be easy
find the right context views that's
that's the most important tip that I
would like to give you in approaching
words and context questions
uh the second uh the third step is
select the word that matches and there's
an elaboration that I would like to
share and try to explain
so uh
if a choice changes the meaning of the
text or introduces a new idea or
perspective or subject then it's not the
most precise word in context only one of
the choices will match and emphasize the
idea being expressed in the text you can
select the choice with conference so um
a lot of students actually students
think that like if two options are
similar uh are matching then the SEC
might have done something wrong which is
incorrect the ICD never does anything
wrong and you will only have to select
one option so uh you know uh the option
that you select will reinforce the
meaning of detect and it will also not
shift or blur the perspective or the
subject of the text like if it's a verb
the word the word that you're looking
for is for as a verb so the option that
you like will also be a variable not be
any part of speech will not be anything
other like part of speech will not be a
noun or will not be so the grammatical
rules also apply if it you know you also
have to consider different uh contexts
and the perspective or subject cannot
change at all
and the choice will emphasize the idea
will uh that uh expressed in the text so
just like that uh choice and move on
so there are some top tips that I would
like to give you in this um
in this topic and then we'll move on to
the questions
uh top tip number one to raise your
chances of getting words and context
questions right try this instead
eliminate what you can from the words
you do know select an option from what
Remains the only time you should select
a word you don't know is if you can feel
confidently eliminate all of the other
options so what happens sometimes is
that like there's a word emerging that
you don't know the meaning of and you
haven't heard of that word before so you
just freak out and you select whatever
option that you see might match the
meaning of the word you also select that
up you also sometimes select an option
that is uh that is artificially like
looking that is artificially complex
artificially complex
like uh if you don't know the meaning of
a word and you see option there's a word
that's strikingly uh you know giving a
very different different difficult
meaning a complex wording that kind of
uh uh does look right but it doesn't
mean the same thing and you obviously
don't know the meaning of that option as
well and you select that option and move
on which is not how you really uh uh
approach the essay questions the words
and context questions so what you can do
actually is that you can like look
around the text and look for context
clues and try to match those context
clues with the options and try to
eliminate options like there's there's
this process called process of
elimination
foreign
and what you do is that you eliminate
options that are obviously logically
incorrect that are not correct and when
you eliminate when you keep eliminating
options then your uh then there will be
a final answer that will remain and you
may not know the meaning of that answer
100 but since you have uh uh you know uh
uh eliminated all the options which are
totally Incorrect and you also uh
compared them with the context clues and
they are you have uh you know you do
have uh evidence that they are correct
because you've researched the text and
you've read it carefully so you uh you
uh just uh take the option that is left
from the three options or two options
that you've eliminated and your chances
for uh uh that for that option to be
correct will be 100 because uh you've
already eliminated the uh incorrect
options
so uh and there's like a very important
uh that I would like to give you is that
charge your
um uh text charge your options uh for
words and context questions positive or
negative eliminate the choices there are
two negative or too neutral if the
context is positive or vice versa
so if your text is positive uh it's
giving positive uh context rules but
your options are negative so limited all
the negative options or if the option is
a neutral eliminate the neutral option
as well then the only option that's
giving a bit of uh uh not better but
actually uh positive connotation then
just select that option and uh if you
reverse the same procedure for negative
or uh there isn't like any neutral uh I
don't think uh the context will uh the
text will ever give you a neutral
passage or ask you to look for a neutral
word but it will surely ask you to look
for a word that is positive or negative
and you can eliminate all the negative
options in the context of the text is
positive uh
and you can uh do the same with like
negative context and you can eliminate
all the positive options and neutral
options so now that we are done with the
theory now we are gonna start the first
question and the words in context
question exercise
and uh I will also explain this question
to you in case you uh are enabled to
like solve it at first because that
happens
so let's start practicing
and I really hope that this uh series
really helped you understand the uh the
words in context Topic in detail and I'm
like sharing all my observations and all
the Articles uh you know as uh you know
all my research that I've done into you
know understanding this topic and uh how
I approach this topic and what uh
mistakes that I do and how I'm you know
not gonna repeat those same mistakes
again so I'll just teach you everything
and give you a deeper insight into the
information that is already provided to
you and
um
can't get me a digital SC course for
both um digital SD math and digital SD
English so the first question that we're
doing in words and context let's just
read the prompt and read it carefully
U.S traffic signals didn't always
contain the familiar tree lights red
yellow and green traffic lights only
uh blank red and green lights until the
three light traffic signal was developed
in 1923.
so which Choice complete the text with
the most logical and precise word or
phrase avoided
do not always contained so it's
definitely not avoided featured
uh you know traffic signals we're
talking about U.S traffic signals and
U.S traffic signals are inanimate
objects which do not have uh human
qualities and appreciating is like uh
praising someone or appreciating the
work they do so that's totally a
humanistic uh thing that cannot be
connected or linked with an inanimate
object like us traffic signal so we'll
just cross this option disregard is also
a human quality like disregard is like
uh just dishonoring someone or like not
taking someone's perspective into view
or not taking someone's uh view points
into consideration or being just uh I
was gonna say something but just forget
it so uh the word that fits our context
perfectly and that is not negative that
is like uh
positive because there isn't any
negative thing that we negative
connotation that we are getting from our
text is featured and that's our correct
answer
so let's move on to uh the next question
and there's also some more information
that I would like to give you for the
option A which was like it doesn't mean
any logic B is uh featured means uh had
feature means a prominent attribute or
aspect uh that's the meaning of the word
and uh C is traffic signals don't have
feelings so it would make sense the
traffic signals appreciate the same
thing that I said and these disregarded
means ignore which only humans can do it
doesn't make sense that the traffic
signal is disregarded
same
so question number two is let's just
solve question number two
business researcher Melanie rocks
Melanie Brooks and colleagues found that
remote video conference meetings may be
less conducive less conducive okay to
brainstorming than in-person meetings
are
the researchers suspect there is a
comparison you can like see that like
it's comparing two things
at first the researchers suspect that
video meeting participants researchers
uh uh you know Authority like
video meeting participants are focused
on Staring at the speaker on the screen
and don't allow their eyes to mind or
mind to render as much which may
ultimately avoid creativity
so uh they've already said maybe less
conducive so the connotation that we are
getting is negative we cannot look for a
word that
shows uh that will like reinforce the
text meaning positively so we'll uh just
eliminate any option that's too positive
or neutral recommend definitely not
criticize uh well uh remote video
conference meetings well it's it's an
idea it's not anything like human
attribute cannot be uh connected linked
with that so it they cannot like
criticize like humans do so we'll just
uh eliminate this option right away
construct
uh which may ultimately it doesn't
because it's uh you know it's a positive
connotation it's like building something
although it's also a human attribute but
it's uh even if it like if you fit that
word if you try to where if you try to
fit that word as abstractly into this uh
into this text but it won't match the
words uh it won't match the text context
which is uh negative
impede yeah it's the option is the
correct option and uh why is it that
like impede means delay or prevent which
fits the context perfectly maybe less
conducive means that like video games
are less con conducive meaning like they
are less uh good for brainstorming
suggested that video meeting
participants focus is bad for their
creativity
all right oh
yeah exactly
less conducive means less good for
brainstorming that's meaning of that uh
why we didn't select the recommend
option because it was too positive to
fit the context why we didn't uh select
the criticize option because the
participants intense focus on the screen
is the subject of missing verb and it
wouldn't make sense to say that they're
overfoxing criticizes their creativity
uh construct is too positive to fit the
context so we can just solve this
question uh on the basis of connotations
alone we we don't have to go any deeper
into this words and context exercise
question number three that we are gonna
solve is so let's see
question number three
some purging models predict that
distance B travel
foraging models be tricked okay when
foraging uh uh bees travel when forging
will decline as floral density increases
let me read the text again some foraging
models predict that resistance piece
travel we're talking about distance here
when foraging will decline as floral
density increases
okay it's uh uh it's uh uh inverse
proportion relationship like it's not
direct proportion it's like inverse
proportional it's something that you
read in uh mathematics
in physics but biology
and Claire cream and show that these
behavior is consistent with this a
prediction so it's giving a
contradiction
that is contradiction
so if flowers in dense patches are
baseball forage Beyond patches of lower
species richness to acquire multiple
resource types so uh the restatements
context is positive
and therefore to match the context of
the restatement we'll have to look for a
word that is uh not a negative depleted
is too negative for the context positive
of the restatement so we'll cross this
option out homogeneous is positive
immature is negative and dispersed is
negative so we have selected the
homogeneous option based on the uh
context you know not on like anything
else so homogeneous is our answer
uh why we didn't uh choose the a option
depleted because text never suggests
that flowers are used to Upper consume
the plate it doesn't fit the logic of
the context it literally means that they
are used to Upper consumed and therefore
it's not fitting the logic of the text
so home Engineers uh definitely because
bees will travel Beyond dense flower
patches that have low speed low species
richness homogeneous means of the same
kind or alike
uh immature it doesn't fit the logic of
the text to text never suggests that
flowers are more attractive to full
grown plants than immature ones because
it never compares to immature plants to
the plants that are fully grown and this
is like adding to adding on new
information that is like not provided in
the text directly adding more
information so therefore it's not the
option that we'll select
adding more information irrelevant to
the context or to the text itself
dispersed is definitely not the answer
because this first is the opposite of
tense and disperse means spread out
spreading and disperse contradicts the
passage it also doesn't fit The Logical
passages flowers and patches can't be
spread out
okay so uh that was it for question
number three and moving on to question
number
and also because we are considering the
distance right so distance cannot uh be
dispersed uh
yes uh
some foraging models predict that a
distance B's travel when Furnishing will
decline as floral density increases yeah
so like distance won't spread out and uh
matching to the context of the question
like uh I think we've stated everything
we've explained it enough so let's move
on to question number four
I think I'm loving the exercise now I'm
I'm I think I'm doing quite a good job
just cool
I've always wanted to teach people
um biologist Jean H2O
biology stream hlow and colleagues have
located what is believed to be the
largest individual plant in the world in
the Shark Bay Area of Australia
okay and not anything negative that
we've seen so far the plant is a type of
scene cross called
posedonia Australis and it uh
approximately 200 square kilometers so
it's like the distance
and what does distance do it doesn't
acknowledge it doesn't have a human
attribute it neither produces distance
cannot produce itself like producing uh
composing something is also a human
attribute or like uh attribute given to
uh uh you know living organisms that can
reproduce
um spans okay that's our answer distance
can span obviously and advances no it is
in advance advances uh you know the
reason why Advanced isn't the option is
because uh advances first of all doesn't
fit the logic of the text and advances
means move forward it's uh like uh uh uh
exclamatory sentence move forward right
and um
and the text also indicates that they've
already covered two uh you know and it
approximately covers 200 square
kilometers so they didn't say that like
it uh advances more it adds more
distance or it adds more uh uh uh
measure to what's already been given to
us and therefore it's uh also indicating
that it's like irrelevant and more
information that is necessary to like uh
answer our question perfectly so spans
is our answer and then we can definitely
move on to the other option
so uh the reason why a is in the option
again I'm trying to explain why I didn't
select a option was that plant cannot
acknowledge a distance acknowledge means
admit the truth of and it's like a human
attribute produces produces make cause
and plants definitely cannot produce uh
same thing that it's the human attribute
or it's like a living organism's
attribute we are talking about world's
largest plan uh plant
it makes sense to talk about extension
of plants bands is like indicating the
extension and it definitely fits the
logic of the text and also fills the
connotation and uh extension is in like
a restricted to just living organisms
it's definitely uh something that you
know is a measure it's uh it's extension
of something so uh definitely that's our
uh and it's also like uh followed by
verb like extension is a noun and it's a
verb is followed by a noun so it's uh
also pitting the logic of a sentence as
well
foreign
question number five moving on to
question number five is let's see
uh mineralogical differences are
detectable in samples collected from two
locations on the near Earth asteroid
riogo but such differences may not
indicate substantial compositional
variations in the asteroid contradiction
but represents contradiction like a
statement is given but the other
statement is contradicting to the text
Cosmo chemist qazi akazuhide
and colleagues not that at the small
scale of the samples uh the distribution
of minerals is unlikely to be
but Choice completes the text with the
most logical and precise product
so uh let me just read the prompt again
mineralogical differences are detectable
and samples collected from
Communications in the near Earth
asteroid we all go with such differences
may not indicate substantial
compositional variations in the asteroid
uh Cosmo uh
chemistry
at the small scale of the samples the
distribution is minerals is unlikely to
be uh
redundant no neglected no
ongoing and uniform
not uniform it's definitely on uh no
it's definitely ongoing
no it's definitely uniform and not
ongoing so
the distribution of minerals in the
sample cannot be ongoing uh distribution
like distribution is something that's
representing like it's uh the action has
been performed and like the minerals
have been distributed so minerals cannot
continue on like uh continue uh being
processed and therefore it doesn't uh
you know make logical sentence also uh
you know it's like a word that's ongoing
so you know because uh we cannot shift
from the perspective or the we cannot
just uh uh go against the grammatical
laws
so therefore we will not select the D
option ongoing and redundant is too
strong it's giving very strong negative
connotation where the text doesn't like
really give a negative connotation so
you can eliminate any options that are
adding new information that are too
negative uh too negative from the
textiles usually not as negative as the
Redundant option is trying to make you
believe that like it's so too negative
connotation
so neglected the B option we didn't
select that because it's adding on new
information
this is the option we've selected the
reason for that is like samples are too
small scale to reflect composition of
the asteroid it isn't properly show the
same variation on the large scale
selecting is suggesting mineral
compositions of the samples is unlikely
to be exactly the same
all right menu logical differences are
detectable and samples collected from uh
they are you know uh you know it's also
true that because the first uh
this portion of
the sentence is like statement or you
can say restart the statement and this
is the restatement portion
and they were they've already like uh
stated that like they are uh
mineralogical differences are detectable
in samples which are large that's the
summary but they are obviously
non-detectable in samples that are is
unlikely to be detected in samples that
are not large because they've also
hinted that like at the small scale so
definitely uh greater greater like uh
mineralogical statements and like
samples which are greater uh some
greater samples are not equal to samples
that are at small scale so greater
samples
sample
big sample
is not going to be equal is going to be
greater or not going to be equal to
small sample
so that's the summary that we've you
know uh found out from trying to solve
this question
moving on to question number six
uh for these questions uh it is advice
that you uh you know give too much time
in understanding the text but because uh
I'm trying to like provide a crash
course to you and I have like limited
questions available right now so I'm
trying to explain the whole concept
explain every uh every bit of the topic
with the questions that I have and like
going deeper into the questions so that
when you approach the LCD if maybe you
haven't practiced Yourself by watching
the video you will get the just uh
I don't know what the word for like man
uh you get the I think gesture gist or
something of uh the whole concept
clearly and uh as effectively as I as it
can be
so the following text is adapted from
Zora Neil hurston's 1921 short story
John wedding goes to sleep John wants to
travel far beyond the village where he
lives near his mother madly
they have like stated obviously like uh
they have like stated the uh
they have given us a statement they have
given us a summary already summaries
provided that he wants to travel far
beyond to the village where he lives
near his mother Maddie he wants to
travel far beyond the village so he
lives near his mother Mary but he wants
to live far beyond I think John had on
several occasions came to attempted to
reconcile his mother to the Nordstrom
but founded a difficult to ask Mary
always took a fusion self-pity and tears
um okay his son's desires were
incomprehensible to her that was all
so Mary's upset because John wants to go
abroad or wants to live far from where
she lives and many always cried because
she didn't understand like why my son
wants to go far and why you know he's
not living with me so that's the story
and uh the son's desire were
incomprehensible to her and that's where
she shunned him and what what does the
reconcile his mother indicate that get
his mother to accept obviously get his
mother to apologize there isn't any
story that we try to understand from
this like he doesn't want his mother to
apologize for anything that's the new
information therefore he will just cross
this option out get his mother to match
no he doesn't like her mother doesn't
agree with like with his son's desires
are like he the mother doesn't want her
son to go obviously get his mother to
reunite with no who who is does he want
like her to do
with with a lost lover maybe I don't
know this is going like extremely um
okay just so yeah but like obviously
that's not the option because I'm like
literally told you the story and what do
you what does he want is that like
reconcile means that he wants acceptance
from his mother like the mother should
agree to the desire that the sun
desire the son has and uh he wishes that
her mother like agrees to his
um desire but you know mother doesn't
and she cries so
yeah that's the reason
and why wouldn't select the first option
uh the first option is because we
selected the first option sorry
um reconcile means to cause a person to
accept something difficult or
disagreeable which perfectly fit the
context and the meaning of the text or
the summary as well
it isn't one his mother to apologize for
his own desire to travel he wants a
murder to accept his desire
you know so B option is definitely
incorrect she doesn't agree initially
the text does not make logical cells
like what I explained because there's a
conflict there is mother to match there
is a conflict she doesn't agree she
doesn't want her son to go
under the option is strange because she
doesn't agree initially uh it might look
intimidating because uh you know get his
mother to reunite it with but it's a
very strange wording and uh you know it
doesn't also make logical sense because
there had never been a point in the text
where it's mentioned that the mother
initially agreed and then the just uh
made her mind that he wouldn't let her
son go so it doesn't make any logical
sense and therefore we will not select
this option
so question number seven
moving on to question number seven
this is the fourth last question I think
seven eight nine ten yeah fourth last
question
the following text is adapted from
Nathaniel uh uh I'm sorry I just don't
know how to pronounce it oh my god
um
the following text is adapted from uh
Nathaniel
haydorns 1837 story doctor
's experiments okay uh if you're not
able to pronounce something you just
like pronounce whatever it is like
pronunciation isn't important you don't
have to like do and like uh a degree in
a level you have to do a levels English
language to they do a city
the main character a physician is
experimenting with rehydrating a dried
flower that's the statement that is
given to us like summary is given to us
uh The Physician there's a physician and
he's experimenting with the rehydrating
rehydrating a dried flower and he's
telling a story so it will have a climax
it will have like the story elements to
it like it will be a bit cinematic it
will have like negative and positive
connotation so we can expect because
it's given to us in a story like we're
not in a scientific way so that also
indicates the outline or the structure
of the text which hints at the uh what
we're gonna get from the text
so at first the rose lay lightly on the
surface of the floral appearing To
imbibe None of its moisture soon however
a singular change begins to be visible
that crushed in dried petals stirred and
assumed deeply dinge of crimson as if
the flower were Reviving from a death
like sunburn though the flowers were
Reviving from that like Slumber that's
the point that we needed to know so a
long Lee doesn't fit the context a
disagreeable no it isn't unacceptable no
and extraordinary because you know it's
Reviving from a death like Slumber
that's a very uh like extraordinary or
like uh out of the ordinary art of the
typical thing that had happened and uh
it's a like it's something uh you know
so uh like different
um
therefore that obviously is our option
and the other three options were too
negative if we look at their
connotations
um the reason why we didn't select our B
option was that like disagreeable means
unpleasant or unenjoyable which is too
negative to describe the flower and uh
it's seeming to come back into life uh
it's too negative to describe a flower
which is like seeming to come back today
which is an extraordinary thing that
happens so it's you know it's uh not
matching the context clues in the text
and it is not cinnamon synonym of a
singular as well
uh acceptable uh let's see option
acceptable means able to be tolerated
allowed which is too neutral to describe
a flower seeming to come back to life
and it's also uh it's neutral it's
neither positive or negative so we can
just eliminate all the neutral options
uh and it's too neutral uh the D option
author Compares tried course
transformation into the process of
Reviving from a death like Slumber
referring the change was extraordinary
one of its kind synonym of similar
uh this question is also the perfect
example of how conversations player were
a role in words and context questions
The only positive option is D whereas
rest stop the options are negative or
neutral is don't reinforce taxes meaning
question number eight
visual artists Gabriel element
states that the bold colors bold colors
okay of comics pop art and lettuce
culture have always fascinated her
positive connotation
this fashion for the rich history and
colors of a latinx community a turkey
translates into the positive art which
he produces involved so unknown is
negative connotation definite is uh to
neutral Vivid definitely prevails like
uh uh colorful bribes that's meaning of
rebel and reserved is also neutral or
negative so we can eliminate that option
the reason why we didn't select our a
option was that it was adding a new
information and nothing in the text
indicated that elements arts and
artworks are unknown to any like party
or to anyone so definitely and it's also
a neutral condition
so uh the reason why we didn't select
our B option is that reserved is
opposite to bold colorful it can mean
slow to reveal emotions or booked
contradicting context clues the C option
definite definitely means certain or
decided and wouldn't make sense to
describe artwork is definite and it's
attributing to a human like Quality
quality that like humans
decide something or make something
certain and it doesn't just fit to the
artwork and Vivid can mean colorful or
bright colored the definition fits the
context clues about elements fascination
with the passion with the passion for
bold colors and you know it's a perfect
word that you could select for your
question number eight
uh question number nine the second last
question and then there will be a last
question and then this video will end
uh I'm so excited for other videos in
the series that I'm gonna upload and
obviously research and you know present
the information to you that's the
perfect way to you know have a crash
course myself and to deliver it to your
old children
I'm like a buzzer like I'm too old a
sage Nation citizen Randy Tinker Smith
um a sage Nation citizen she's a citizen
of his age Nation uh produced and
directed the ballet was
uh sorry I don't know how to pronounce
that I'm not pronouncing it respiratory
Chronicles or Sage history brightly
positive connotation history and culture
telling Osage stories through ballet is
ballet is a blank choice because two of
the foremost belly dancers it's the 20th
century we're all Sage she's herself
with the Osage Citizen and she told the
stories through ballet because she is
giving us uh information that sister
Maria and Marjorie Chief are also uh of
the agents like they are belly dances
and therefore it's uh uh it's the
appropriate appropriate or suitable that
like the
um
the story of postage the stories of his
age should be told through ballet ballet
and unpredictable is like uh not meeting
the context clues and also the
connotation which is positive arbitrary
no it does sound something uh I don't
know but it is too neutral or it like
doesn't like really sound positive to me
I determined no it doesn't like uh who
is the authority to determine like uh
you know that's not the subject or the
perspective of the textbook
the option is unsupported information
the option C and determined is also
unsupported information uh the reason
why we didn't select an arbitrary is
because arbitrary means based on random
gestation or VM rather than recent but
the author doesn't tell us a good reason
to tell us these stories through battle
two of the uh through ballet not battle
do you have the best ballet dancers
dancers of the 20th century were a sage
a suitable D option is that like a
suitable means appropriate for a
particular purpose since the text
indicates the two of the ballot best
ballet dancers were a stage so we can
infer inferences next video is coming uh
you know inferences uh the author
believes that ballet is a very suitable
art form for telling usage stories and
You Know It uh sounds right as well and
which is the positive connotation of
text perfectly so that's our answer
now we are solving the last question
from words in context exercise and then
we'll uh we'll definitely uh wait for
another video to emerge and uh I hope
that like this video had like in detail
prepared you for the SD digital English
content and you will be testing on your
initial SC exam uh
and there are like four or five
questions from this topic that do emerge
in the English less the content five
maybe six maybe I don't know like there
are a lot of I I've seen a lot of
version context versions I think I saw
seven the last time I had to take the
practice test
step in hanix luminous landscape
paintings are appealing to viewers we
have listed little condom contemporary
form uh contemporary have elicited
uh invited uh enlisted males invited
little commentary from contemporary
critics a phenomena that may be due to
the verified that the painting seems so
uh simple
accessible uh many critics Focus their
attention or not that is cryptic or
overtly challenging so Stephen hannig's
artworks are different from what the
critics find uh you know uh complex or
obviously challenging art person because
uh critics Focus their attention to
artwork that is generally complex and uh
Stephen Harris artworks are luminous
landscape paintings they're quite
similar accessible uh not Innovative
because uh you know it's not like uh she
makes her artworks out of the box so she
does artwork that has never been done
before so it's not really cryptic or
overtly challenging it's not challenging
at all profound no it's a positive
connotation but we are looking for a
negative connotation so we're still no
accessible yes uh
accessible means that like the artwork
or you know not as complex like the the
hint the hint that they are giving is
that the artworks are not complex and
that's why the uh critiques uh give that
give uh commentary
you know a listed little commentary from
contemporary artists
um these are not like they criticize
more
so that's why
the option is accessible
uh the reason why we didn't select a
option was because critics didn't
comment on Annex artworks they focus on
artists cryptic or overtly challenging
the criticized hennik's artwork so they
don't find Annex art cryptic or overtly
challenging Innovative is positive uh
the uh the connotation of innovative is
positive whereas we're looking for a
word that fits the negative context lose
connotation
um be accessible means easy to
understand this sets up the contrast in
the next sentence which tells us the
critics mostly Focus or not that is
cryptic or challenging meaning not easy
to understand uh landscape paintings are
easy to understand they are not overly
challenging according to the critics
therefore they criticize rather than
comment or praise the artwork uh C is
profound to positive we're looking for
the word that puts the negative
conversation which has been commented at
the artworks and deeply moving it inside
for uh profound means deeply moving and
inside full
supportive is revolutionary or
destructive and it doesn't really fit
the context which is negative like
rather contradicts the context goes
literally the judges would have
commented so subversive doesn't match
negative connotations of text this is in
the right choice
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that I've uh done a great
job and I hope to teach you like uh the
rest of the topics in the digital SD
content that you will encounter in your
digital SAT exam and I will try to
complete the whole uh digital STD
slavers in like 15 videos this was the
first video so looking forward
to the next video and I hope you loved
it and if you found this useful then you
can share this video with other people
and do reach out to me in my email that
will be provided in the YouTube
description and let me know if you've
found this video useful if there is a
query that you uh might have and I would
try to solve that
um I would try to solve that question
for you or
try to find solution for the query that
you have so thank you take care and good
night